Docs/1164 toggle group documentation (#1602)
sl-design-system/components: website/src/categories/components/toggle-group/code.md

---
title: Toggle group code
tags: code

> APIdescription: Component is a kind of wrapper for toggle-buttons with some additional features. Toggle group should be used together with toggle buttons inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIdescription: Component is a wrapper for toggle-buttons to add additional features that makes the separate toggle buttons look and act as one component.
```
